maverick_mcp/README.md, before:

# Maverick-MCP Directory Structure

## Overview

**⚠️ IMPORTANT FINANCIAL DISCLAIMER**: This software is for educational and informational purposes only. It is NOT financial advice. Always consult with a qualified financial advisor before making investment decisions.

The Maverick-MCP package is organized into the following modules:

- **core/**: Core client functionality and rate limiting
- **api/**: MCP API server and client
- **tools/**: Financial analysis tools
- **providers/**: Data providers for stocks, market, and macro data
- **data/**: Data handling utilities, including caching
- **config/**: Configuration constants and settings
- **cli/**: Command-line interface tools
- **examples/**: Example scripts and usage patterns

## Module Details

### core/

- `client.py` - Base Anthropic client implementation with rate limiting
- `rate_limiter.py` - Anthropic API rate limiter

### api/

- `mcp_client.py` - MCP protocol client implementation
- `server.py` - FastMCP server implementation

### tools/

- `portfolio_manager.py` - Portfolio management and optimization tools

### providers/

- `stock_data.py` - Stock data provider utilities
- `market_data.py` - Market data provider utilities
- `macro_data.py` - Macroeconomic data provider utilities

### data/

- `cache.py` - Cache implementation (Redis and in-memory)

### config/

- `constants.py` - Configuration constants and environment variable handling

### cli/

- `server.py` - Server CLI implementation

### examples/

- Various example scripts showing how to use the Maverick-MCP tools

## Usage

**Personal Use Only**: This server is designed for individual educational use with Claude Desktop.

To start the Maverick-MCP server:

```bash
# Recommended: Use the Makefile
make dev

# Alternative: Direct FastMCP server
python -m maverick_mcp.api.server --transport sse --port 8000

# Development mode with hot reload
./scripts/dev.sh
```

Note: The server will start using SSE transport on the default MCP port. While you can specify host and port parameters, these are only for documentation purposes, as the FastMCP library has its own internal configuration. The server normally runs on port 8000.

When the server starts, you can access it at:

- http://localhost:8000

You can also start the server programmatically:

```python
from maverick_mcp.api.server import mcp

# Start the server with SSE transport
# NOTE: All financial analysis tools include appropriate disclaimers
mcp.run(transport="sse")
```

## Financial Analysis Tools

MaverickMCP provides comprehensive financial analysis capabilities:

### Stock Data Tools
- Historical price data with intelligent caching
- Real-time quotes and market data
- Company information and fundamentals

### Technical Analysis Tools  
- 20+ technical indicators (RSI, MACD, Bollinger Bands, etc.)
- Support and resistance level identification
- Trend analysis and pattern recognition

### Portfolio Tools
- Risk assessment and correlation analysis
- Portfolio optimization using Modern Portfolio Theory
- Position sizing and risk management

### Screening Tools
- Momentum-based stock screening
- Breakout pattern identification
- Custom filtering and ranking systems

**All tools include appropriate financial disclaimers and are for educational purposes only.**

Commit message:

fix: comprehensive timeout improvements for research agents and ExaSearch integration
Major timeout enhancements across the entire research system to support Claude Code usage:

Research Operations:
- Increased basic research timeout from 15s to 120s (2 minutes)
- Increased standard research timeout from 20s to 240s (4 minutes)
- Increased comprehensive research timeout from 30s to 360s (6 minutes)
- Increased exhaustive research timeout from 45s to 600s (10 minutes)

Agent Execution:
- Increased per-agent timeout from 20s to 180s (3 minutes per agent)
- Updated parallel research orchestration timeouts
- Enhanced timeout budget allocation for search, analysis, and synthesis phases

System-Wide Improvements:
- API request timeout increased from 30s to 120s
- Database timeout increased from 30s to 60s
- Search provider base timeout from 10s to 60s
- Search provider complex timeout from 25s to 120s
- Maximum agent execution time from 300s to 720s (12 minutes)

ExaSearch Integration:
- Migrated from Tavily to ExaSearch API
- Added comprehensive timeout handling for deep research operations
- Implemented optimized research agent with better timeout management
- Added SSE connection stability improvements

Infrastructure:
- Added connection manager for better SSE handling
- Implemented LLM optimization configuration
- Enhanced monitoring and logging for timeout debugging
- Added comprehensive test coverage for timeout scenarios

This ensures Claude Code has sufficient time to complete complex research operations
without hitting previous 30-second timeout limitations.

maverick_mcp/README.md, after:

# Maverick-MCP Directory Structure

## Overview

**⚠️ IMPORTANT FINANCIAL DISCLAIMER**: This software is for educational and informational purposes only. It is NOT financial advice. Always consult with a qualified financial advisor before making investment decisions.

The Maverick-MCP package is organized into the following modules:

- **core/**: Core client functionality and rate limiting
- **api/**: MCP API server and client
- **tools/**: Financial analysis tools
- **providers/**: Data providers for stocks, market, and macro data
- **data/**: Data handling utilities, including caching
- **config/**: Configuration constants and settings
- **cli/**: Command-line interface tools
- **examples/**: Example scripts and usage patterns

## Module Details

### core/

- `client.py` - Base Anthropic client implementation with rate limiting
- `rate_limiter.py` - Anthropic API rate limiter

### api/

- `mcp_client.py` - MCP protocol client implementation
- `server.py` - FastMCP server implementation

### tools/

- `portfolio_manager.py` - Portfolio management and optimization tools

### providers/

- `stock_data.py` - Stock data provider utilities
- `market_data.py` - Market data provider utilities
- `macro_data.py` - Macroeconomic data provider utilities

### data/

- `cache.py` - Cache implementation (Redis and in-memory)

### config/

- `constants.py` - Configuration constants and environment variable handling

### cli/

- `server.py` - Server CLI implementation

### examples/

- Various example scripts showing how to use the Maverick-MCP tools

## Usage

**Personal Use Only**: This server is designed for individual educational use with Claude Desktop.

To start the Maverick-MCP server:

```bash
# Recommended: Use the Makefile
make dev

# Alternative: Direct FastMCP server
python -m maverick_mcp.api.server --transport streamable-http --port 8003

# Development mode with hot reload
./scripts/dev.sh
```

Note: The server will start using streamable-http transport on port 8003. The streamable-http transport is compatible with mcp-remote, while SSE transport is not (SSE requires GET requests but mcp-remote sends POST requests).

When the server starts, you can access it at:

- http://localhost:8003

You can also start the server programmatically:

```python
from maverick_mcp.api.server import mcp

# Start the server with SSE transport
# NOTE: All financial analysis tools include appropriate disclaimers
mcp.run(transport="sse")
```

## Financial Analysis Tools

MaverickMCP provides comprehensive financial analysis capabilities:

### Stock Data Tools
- Historical price data with intelligent caching
- Real-time quotes and market data
- Company information and fundamentals

### Technical Analysis Tools  
- 20+ technical indicators (RSI, MACD, Bollinger Bands, etc.)
- Support and resistance level identification
- Trend analysis and pattern recognition

### Portfolio Tools
- Risk assessment and correlation analysis
- Portfolio optimization using Modern Portfolio Theory
- Position sizing and risk management

### Screening Tools
- Momentum-based stock screening
- Breakout pattern identification
- Custom filtering and ranking systems

**All tools include appropriate financial disclaimers and are for educational purposes only.**
